<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<ui:composition template="template.xhtml"
                xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets" >
  <ui:define name="page_title">annieston meadow - about</ui:define>
  <ui:define name="main_content">
    <div id="main-container">
      <div id="main-content" class="light">
        <div class="section-tag"><span>about</span></div>
        <h3>Anniestoun Meadow</h3>
        <p/>So how did I come to own this beautiful meadow? I found it for sale at an auction, happily no-one else wanted it! It had been on the books of a quarrying company for about 40 years, and local farmers use it for occasional summer grazing. A small test gravel quarry has been dug, and then abandoned some time ago.
        <p/>I first saw the site in January, when it looks quite barren, dead grass and a layer of silt from flooding, but I had a feeling that it would really come alive in the spring time. Half of the site is an occasionally grazed field, half is lower to the water and not fit for any economic purpose of man. Consequently it has been left largely untouched and a place where wildlife can flourish.
        <p/>My current plan is mostly to leave it as it is, a flower rich meadow land. I am attempting to establish a band of woodland around the edge of the field, with an undulating edge, to create sheltered pockets of meadowland and a large amount of woodland edge habitat.
        <p/>I'm not much of an expert on birdlife, but the place particularly comes alive during the summer, when the Sand Martins return. All day is a constant dizzying zooming around accompanied by cheerful biard chatter, as they fill up on bugs. And of course, there is the Heron. Whenever I arrive, I see the Heron just leaving, and when I leave, I see the Heron just returning. I guess the Heron is trying to make a point, but its his home really.
        <p/>In the middle of winter, the entire site will dissapear under water for a few days. I have seen it when the water was half-way up the gate. The flood clears things away, and brings things with it. Mostly I find plastic buckets, and empty fertilizer bags. The best find has been the massive trunk of a tree. The flood changes the site every year, and this constant shifting and renewal that keeps it such a diverse and exciting place.
      </div>
    </div>
  </ui:define>
</ui:composition>
